so all you need is some clear top coat
or base coat or just any type of clear
nail polish as well as some eyeshadow
i'm using a loose eyeshadow but you can
use any type if you have pressed ones
from the drugstore anything all you do
is sick a knife or toothpick or
something and just kind of break it up
and make it into a powder consistency we
also need an envelope and some scissors
and with this envelope we're going to
cut it in half and it's going to serve
as kind of the funnel for pouring the
pigment into the nail polish bottle as
you can see that's where we're gonna
pour it down to that little corner there
alright so if you're going to use a
regular eyeshadow the press Carnes this
is kind of the consistency you want to
get it to you want it to be quite boring
because you don't want it to be lovely a
chunky because otherwise it would spread
out to news very well so let's get
started just going to pour this into the
envelope
I try to make it go right down into the
corner you don't want to get in a little
envelope because then you'll just waste
it and we're not using very much just
about a half a teaspoon all right so
after you found that we're going to just
cut the tip you could do this before if
you want you could do it before then
place the envelope over the nail polish
and then pour the pigment in but I found
that when you cut it it doesn't really
come out anyway only with the help of a
toothpick does it really start coming
out so I do it after and you just want
to make a very very small cut and then
with the toothpick you just push it down
until all of it is in the bottle
and then using the same toothpick just
kind of mix it up and then put the top
back on shake it up to mixing so make
sure you satisfy with the color just
swatch it on a piece of paper and if
it's too light just add more pigment to
the college
hey
we're going to the beach today we're
gonna laugh